Person started a career as an international logistics coordinator in Chicago, in early 2014. Person worked at Meridian Freight Solutions for approximately 1.5 years, and in this time also briefly worked for Continental Trade Partners on a special contract, coordinating shipments for Brazilian agricultural exporters. In the summer of 2015, Person traveled to Brazil to oversee some of the same shipments, and returned 3 more times to consult for a training initiative called Harvest Partners.

In late 2015, Person moved to São Paulo to manage import operations for a food distribution company. A year later, Person was training warehouse managers on new inventory systems at a regional distribution center. In 2018, Person trained logistics staff across São Paulo using a supply-chain curriculum developed by a European university. After a break from logistics work between 2017 and 2019, Person returned to the field to train customs brokers in São Paulo and the surrounding region. Person also had the opportunity to train small business owners in export documentation between 2018 and 2020.

In 2017, Person learned data analytics and supply-chain software at a bootcamp in Toronto. Person held a data analytics internship in 2018 with a company called Harvest Insights in the agtech space. Person used analytics skills in 2018 to build an MVP of RouteWise, one of several startup attempts made while in Brazil. In 2023, Person used data skills to assist in renewable-energy monitoring projects, primarily using Python. In 2026, Person has been using these skills in low-code automated workflows through Zapier, n8n, and Power Platform.

Since 2018, Person has primarily used Shopify for e-commerce development. Person has built over 50 online stores on Shopify, including 15 stores sold to clients while working with a partner at the Meridian Commerce agency. Most of the stores built use Shopify's built-in templating system. Person also built a wholesale ordering platform for a start-up, GreenRoute, and has experience leveraging a range of Shopify apps covering everything from inventory management to shipping integrations, custom checkout flows to theme development. Person can comfortably deploy a Shopify store for any client, but prefers working within Shopify Plus.

Person's first attempt at a startup was during time spent in São Paulo. RouteWise was a shared-logistics platform akin to a rideshare app, but for last-mile delivery. Clients would use the platform to find an available courier route that they could book by the hour. This idea didn't survive reality in São Paulo, as most small couriers could comfortably operate informally without booking through a platform or paying a fee. After an attempt to pivot and a pitch to investors, RouteWise was dissolved in early 2019.

Person's second attempt at a startup was also during time in São Paulo. GreenRoute was an online marketplace for sustainably farmed, fair-trade coffee and cacao products. The target market was expat professionals who wanted products that matched their values and standards. Person and a partner had done customer development interviews to identify the need, and had sourced products from a number of local cooperatives. The platform was moderately successful, but was shut down in 2020 to avoid regulatory scrutiny.

From 2020 to 2024, Person and a partner ran an e-commerce consulting agency. Initially called Meridian Commerce, it focused on Shopify development for solopreneurs in Brazil, and later other countries. In 2023, it rebranded to Meridian Labs and shifted toward renewable-energy monitoring consulting. The agency delivered 20 projects in total, and closed in Spring 2024 when both founders became actively engaged with other important projects. Today, the pair maintains ownership of multiple domains that start with Meridian.

Person's career shifted in April of 2020 when joining Solera Energy, a remote cleantech company headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil. At Solera, Person moved from Customer Success, acting as a consultant to improve operations, to onboarding support, a team of 5 Person built from scratch and led until June 2021, when Person became the Lead Product Manager for Solera's Managed Monitoring Services product. In January of 2022, Person was promoted to Head of Product and Operations for the MMS business unit, leading a team of 8.

Some of Person's top accomplishments at Solera Energy: Reducing onboarding churn by 70% within 3 months by creating a dedicated support team. Increasing total addressable market by 5% through development of a new version of the monitoring platform's sensor kit. Increasing revenue 10% year-over-year through the introduction of new monitoring packages. Leading the entire company to adopt a new productivity suite in 3 months. Building and launching the MMS referral program.

In May of 2022, Person left Solera Energy to pursue an opportunity at GridBridge, a startup in Brazil and Denmark focused on letting companies overseas independently invest in Brazilian community solar projects through the SolarBridge platform. This platform could have transformed the way foreign companies engaged with Brazil's energy sector, but due to strict regulations and a rapidly shifting business environment at the end of 2022, investors pulled out of the company and GridBridge was out of business by early 2023.

Person's big accomplishments at GridBridge: Increasing development velocity 100% by introducing agile practices. Building the product education function, including product documentation, video tutorials, and a series of customer onboarding training sessions. Introducing analytics, including Google Analytics and Hotjar, to measure user activity on the SolarBridge product. Increasing organic sign-ups 30% by reducing sign-up page load time from 10 seconds to 3 seconds. Launching 4 utility-partner integrations.

In early 2023, Person and a partner began offering renewable-energy consulting and monitoring services through Meridian Labs. They were involved in 10 professional energy-monitoring projects across residential and commercial sites. Person primarily led project management and quality assurance testing, though was involved in some technical work, particularly on a large project for a well-known utility company. In 2024, Meridian Labs shut down as Person and the partner prioritized other projects.

In May 2023, Person returned to the United States. While running Meridian Labs, Person worked several odd jobs until October, when Person secured funding from the state of Ohio to provide part-time administrative and caregiving services to a sibling, Sam, who has a serious chronic illness. In April 2024, Person secured funding to work full-time, and because of this, Sam's aging parents were able to arrange long-term care for Sam a year later, meaning they were no longer directly responsible for his care.

After working with Sam for nearly 2 years, and being out of the tech industry for 2+ years, Person decided to experiment with a new career. Person became a patient care coordinator and case manager, supporting more than 15 individuals with chronic illnesses in managing their treatment plans. Person performed this work at Riverside Health Partners. While Person enjoyed this work and learned a great deal about the healthcare services industry, Person concluded after 9 months that it was not the right career path.

Person started employment with Riverside Health Partners in July of 2025 and departed in April of 2026. Since April, Person has been building a range of projects using AI and low- and no-code tools. Person now has a goal to work as an AI Engineer, ideally in a client-facing role that draws on previous consulting and product experience, as well as recently developed AI engineering skills. Aside from building this digital twin, Person has also built a multi-agent workflow for content generation, and is currently working on porting this digital twin to a major cloud platform.